hey date so the reason they're examiner
is here today is because you're very
anxious tryna raise funds to improve the
physical environment of your children's
ward in which there has been no real
investment for a very long time maybe
you could talk us through the kind of
difficulties creation 5 currently out of
the children sports and I said this Ward
was built about 40 years ago and hasn't
been updated in any way since it was
built and we have about 10,000 children
a meter here every year so what we're
looking for is essentially quite basic
facilities currently we don't have any
ensuite isolation rooms so children who
come in here with infections who
wouldn't answer at risk of getting those
infections to others are children who
are immune deficient maybe on cancer
treatment or things like that or prone
to picking up infections we don't have
any isolation facilities where they can
go so unfortunately those children
currently have to use share toilet
facilities and on occasion even have to
use visitors toilets from the can't use
or the children's toilets and that is
not a good situation just terms of the
rooms for the children are put in
isolation the layout of those obviously
is not very conducive to doctors trying
to deliver a high standard of care and
parents who may sometimes be staying
overnight with those children yeah
especially on our baby ward for children
at 18 months or admitted rooms there are
small and the layout his say is very
poor there's old shelves in the corners
aren't really use they take up a lot of
space it's very outdated that there's a
big sink in the corner that is very
difficult to get at so we have to wash
our hands and outside or use the sprays
outside and parents as you say you have
to sleep essentially on plastic chairs
because we don't unfortunately have any
space or any chairs that would be
lifeless beds so when you go in there in
the morning it's so tight sometimes you
can hardly get nurse in the room with
you or you have to pull a prime mouse
before you can queen yourself and it's
not pleasant prepares to spend sometimes
sometimes weeks in hospital with young
infants in those situations so what
we're trying to do for those parents is
try and raise money to even buy a chair
that can life laughs that they can get
some rest
and we'd like to modernize the rooms
change the layout so it's much more
bright much more friendly and much more
easy to access to the children for the
nurses and doctors yes it's very dark
green I suppose for our children's wards
and they talk about the sort of positive
effects of natural light coming in and
that's not really happening much here
yeah if you look at modern children's
hospitals they're bright they're
friendly there's lots of natural light
as you say there's lots of good
artificial light if you look at the
wards here there's brown tiles that are
being there forever and the windows are
small the surroundings the ceilings are
dark there's not no brightness it's not
friendly inviting environment for a
child our parents not very many care yes
i know we have we have a small play area
but and with an outdoor area that was
raised from fundraising money previously
but obviously we'd like to improve them
as much as we could it's just that the
whole décor of the ward it's quite dark
dreary as you see it's not inviting it's
and for children who spend time in
hospital we want to make it as pleasant
for them as possible for them and
appearance and we're unfortunately not
able to do that as well as we'd like to
be able to do with the moment what are
you hoping to fundraise we estimated the
cost about one and a half million euros
to update the toilet facilities and to
improve décor and the layout of the ward
for the children so obviously you guys
love people yeah of course your
independence day exactly we've been
we've done a number of events already a
staff in the ward here have our next
main event is house called Clark
independent status as part of the
rebel week with the gathering and so on
a 16th of October we will be raising
money throughout the city and throughout
the county all of which will go back to
invest in these facilities for children